Let's look at some other AP eyes.
Now some of them that you encounter will have these coures errors.
So this one in particular the quotes on design doesn't work very well within local and you have to use
the Jason P format here.
So we're going to do is we're going to do this and build this out on code.
I've stripped away a lot of what we had earlier within that application and I've brought in random user.
So let's quickly look through this API and then we'll jump into cold pen.
So we see that we're returning information back in results.
So refresh and results is where the content is that we're looking at.
And the same thing with the trivia database that we can break it down into data results.
And then this is where all that information is that we're after.
So we can really easily select any piece of this information and then output it and make use of it so
we could do something like the name that first name.
So we could do name and first
and plus space space plus.
And then the same thing again but this time writing last
and the save that.
So now within the console we get some random people's names.
So it's as easy as that to work with different API.
And as mentioned we want to look at the quote database and this one is a little bit more tricky when
we're doing it within local.
So we can't really easily bring in the quote information but is actually in a function.
So we can see it when we go into the browser.
So we do this.
We see that we get random quotes but if I was to take that same you are l and if we just Konsole log
out the data I'll comment this one.
I will rewrite it there.
So if we console log the data we're going to run into a coures error and we've got to start in that
quote.
So refresh and we see that what we're running into is this no access control header problem.
And even if we try to parse it out as Jason we can see that we're still going to run into a problem.
So let's bring this over into code Pentz open up code pen so-called pen is really useful as well for
practicing with Ajax because this gets you around a lot of these problems so you can sign up for a pen.
You don't have to pay anything.
It's just all of your posts are public.
If you do pay then they will be private.
You can set up private posts as well so just call it Ajax.
So let's add all of our h t m l.
That's kind of one of the nice things about it is I can copy all of my body information so I don't have
to split it off and put stuff in javascript.
Of course there is that option there for the javascript as well.
So let's see what happens when we click at and we'll see what we get output into the console and we
need to also update.
So this is the API value that we're grabbing
So update our your all
save and we'll try the soat
and we can also use the regular cons. If we want.
And so we're getting this mixed content issue because we're loading and secure data over secure.
So that's always not great.
So we get rid of that.
We can see that we're actually grabbing that content.
So we're getting it within a nice object format.
So I took care of that problem.
So that's another problem that sometimes you do run into because that's a good thing about code pen
HTP s and some of the Web sites if you're trying to access them and if they're not secure then you can
run into issues so you can just simply remove that HTP colon and just let it send whatever the best
format is that it can pick that up.
So there we go.
So we're all ready to pull that content in and out put it in our output area.
So let's actually move this all down to javascript.
And separate it from our content there.
And this is going to allow us to clean that up to tidy that up and make it a little bit bigger.
I'll get rid of the console because we have it down below as well.
So great so we're able to pick up this data.
I can get rid of this console log stuff here and now what we can do is we can simply output that content
that we're retrieving back.
Let's first get rid of the parsing of Jason just to see if we can take a closer look at actually what's
being returned back.
So we see that it's being returned back within an array format.
So when we parse it out as Jason we need to just simply return back that first item in the array.
So there you go.
So now we've got title content and we can output content into our output area and we already have that
hooked up.
So now it's just as easy as doing in her HVM mail.
And now we know that data scenary.
So if we don't get the content we just treated as an object
so it happens so there we go.
So we can really easily pull in that content.
And then of course at this point we can style it and do even more.
So we see that it's already got a little bit of styling there as well to it
and obviously you can play around with it.
But the main purpose of this lesson was to get more familiar with just different ways of working with
API.
Overcoming issues you might have with API it's very when you're working on local.
You do run into those issues occasionally when you don't have control over what the server and passing
it in over the Jaison data.
So sometimes you do run into those cores as well as sometimes you run into those HTP errors as well.
So go ahead try it for yourself.
I'm going to go ahead and save this pen so you can go online and you could work with it and try it out
for yourself.